c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\lightgame.exe
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\lightgame.pdb
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\obj\x86\Debug\lightgame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\obj\x86\Debug\lightgame.exe
c:\users\vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\obj\x86\Debug\lightgame.pdb
C:\Users\Vesa\Documents\Visual Studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\testmap.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\Documents\Visual Studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\player.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Penumbra.dll
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Penumbra.xml
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fonts\font1.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\white.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\map0.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\map1.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\map2.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\map3.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\map4.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\maps\testmap0.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\ball.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\goal.wma
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\goal.xnb
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\teleport.wma
C:\Users\Vesa\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\lightgame\lightgame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\teleport.xnb
